# Handling Resources in Xamarin Forms

## Android
### Overview
Android applications have the user interface layouts in the form of XML files. 
When a Xamarin.Android application is first created, default resources are setup by the Xamarin.Android project template

The five files that make up the default files in the Resources folder:

1) Icon.png – The default icon for the application
2) Main.axml – The default user interface layout file for an application. 
   > while Android uses the .xml file extension, Xamarin uses the .axml extension.
4) Strings.xml – A string table to help with localization of the application
4) AboutResources.txt – (optional) a high level overview of the Resources folder and the files in it.
5) Resource.designer.cs – This file is automatically generated and maintained by Xamarin.Android on compile
   > the unique IDs assigned to each resource. It is automatically created by the Xamarin.Android tools and will be regenerated from time to time.

### Reset the Resources
in some cases such as an conflict of Resource.designer.cs file, the file can be deleted and auto-generated on compiling.
> After auto-generated in the filesystem, the project cannot understand the file so it should be added to project file manually.

[project.Android > Edit]
```xml
:
:
<PropertyGroup>
    <Configuration Condition=" '$(Configuration)' == '' ">Debug</Configuration>
    <Platform Condition=" '$(Platform)' == '' ">AnyCPU</Platform>
    :
    :
    <Deterministic>True</Deterministic>
    <AndroidApplication>True</AndroidApplication>
    <AndroidResgenFile>Resources\Resource.designer.cs</AndroidResgenFile>
    <AndroidResgenClass>Resource</AndroidResgenClass>
  :
  :
```
